Reviewer 4 of CDC15 submission 656

Comments to the author
======================

The paper deals with the problem of computing the maximal
robust positive invariant set for discrete-time linear
systems affected by additive uncertainty. The uncertainty
is supposed to be unknown but bounded and the bound is a
state-dependent polytope. Further assumption is assumed,
namely that the bounds on the uncertainty are characterized
by piecewise affine convex support functions. Also the case
of uncertainty that is parametric dependent is considered.
Thus, methods for computing the MRPI, which is
substantially the adaptation of the classical iterative
procedure related to linear systems with polytopic
uncertainty. 

The paper seems relatively interesting to me, as the
problem is not widely analyzed yet (the authors may want to
have a look, nevertheless, to the concept of convex
difference inclusions, see Fiacchini Alamo Camacho,
"Invariant sets computation for convex difference
inclusions systems" SCL12). My main concern regards the
computational aspects. Indeed, concerning the piecewise
dependent vertices v(x), I'd say that such functions are
not, in general, easy to obtain. Roughly speaking, for
generic piecewise affine convex functions H(x), the value
of the vertices might be not trivial to be obtained as
functions of the state. I suggest the authors to give more
details on this aspect.